Add decription on how you can customize image entrypoint (#18915)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/docker-stack/entrypoint.rst

    optional arguments:
      -h, --help         show this help message and exit

Add your own entrypoint
-----------------------

Airflow image executes a lot of steps in the entrypoint, but it does not do everything that you might
want to run - and you might want to provide your own entrypoint which does any custom operations.

> Such ``custom`` entryopoint should be run after the main entrypoint. You can even execute

Reviewer: entryopoint=>entrypoint

> Such ``custom`` entryopoint should be run after the main entrypoint. You can even execute

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Such *custom* entryopoint should be run after the main entrypoint. You can even execute
```

I'm assuming we don't actually mean to imply `custom` is some kind of code, so this switches to use more idiomatic emphasis format.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Such *custom* entrypoint should be run after the main entrypoint. You can even execute
```

the usual components of airflow - scheduler, webserver, worker, triggerer in such script.

> The entrypoint can be addedd to the image by extending it:

Author: ```suggestion
The entrypoint can be added to the image by extending it:
```

.. code-block:: Dockerfile

    FROM airflow::2.3.0.dev0
    COPY my_entrypoint.sh /

And then you can run this script by running the command:

.. code-block:: bash

  docker run -it apache/airflow:2.3.0.dev0-python3.6 bash -c "/my_entrypoint.sh"

> 

Reviewer: Should we use exec?

Author: No need. We are using `dumb-init` which will propagate signals to all children by default (see the next chapter).

    optional arguments:
      -h, --help         show this help message and exit

> Add your own entrypoint extension

Reviewer 4: I'm not sure I'm following on this extension section. This is simply just COPYing an extra script into the image, the entrypoint wont actually run it, right? I'm not sure it's worth having this example if that's the case, and I think using "extension" is slightly misleading too.

Author: I think you are right, it's more about adding custom behaviour. I will reword it

Author: I reworded it, and put it as "second" option - explaining that this customizing the image behaviour.

---------------------------------

> Airflow image executes a lot of steps in the entrypoint, but it does not do everything that you might

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The Airflow image executes a lot of steps in the entrypoint, but it does not do everything that you might
```

want to run - and you might want to provide your own entrypoint extension that does any custom operations.
Such *custom* entrypoint extension should be run after the main entrypoint. You can even execute
the usual components of airflow - scheduler, webserver, worker, triggerer in such extension script.
The entrypoint extension can be added to the image by extending it:

.. code-block:: Dockerfile

    FROM airflow::2.3.0.dev0
    COPY my_entrypoint_extension.sh /

And then you can run this script by running the command:

.. code-block:: bash

  docker run -it apache/airflow:2.3.0.dev0-python3.6 bash -c "/my_entrypoint_extension.sh"

Execute custom code before the Airflow entrypoint
-------------------------------------------------

If you want to execute some custom code before Airflow's entrypoint you can also add extra code executed

> before the Airflow entrypoint by replacing the entrypoint of Airflow and calling Airflow's entrypoint as

Author: ```suggestion
before the Airflow one by using your custom script and calling Airflow's entrypoint as
```

    optional arguments:
      -h, --help         show this help message and exit

Execute custom code before the Airflow entrypoint
-------------------------------------------------

If you want to execute some custom code before Airflow's entrypoint you can also add extra code executed

> before the Airflow one by using your custom script and calling Airflow's entrypoint as

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If you want to execute some custom code before Airflow's entrypoint you can by using
a custom script and calling Airflow's entrypoint as the
```

last ``exec`` instruction in your custom one. However you have to remember to use ``dumb-init`` in the same
way as it is used with Airflow's entrypoint, otherwise you might have problems with proper signal
propagation (See the next chapter).

.. code-block:: Dockerfile

    FROM airflow::2.3.0.dev0
    COPY my_entrypoint.sh /
    ENTRYPOINT ["/usr/bin/dumb-init", "--", "/my_entrypoint.sh"]

> Your entrypoint might for example modify or add variables on the flight. For example the below

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Your entrypoint might for example modify or add variables on the fly. For example the below
```

entrypoint sets max count of DB checks from the first parameter passed as parameter of the image
execution (A bit useless example but should give the reader an example of how you could use it).

.. code-block:: bash

    #!/bin/bash
    export CONNECTION_CHECK_MAX_COUNT=${1}
    shift
    exec /entrypoint "${@}"

> Make sure, Airflow's entrypoint is run as ``exec /entrypoint "${@}"`` as the last command in your

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Make sure Airflow's entrypoint is run with ``exec /entrypoint "${@}"`` as the last command in your
```

custom entrypoint. This way signals will be properly propagated and arguments will be passed
to the entrypoint as usual (you can use ``shift`` as above if you need to pass some extra
arguments. Note that passing secret values this way or storing secrets inside the image is a bad
idea from security point of view - as both image and parameters to run the image with are accessible
to anyone who has access to logs of your Kubernetes or image registry.

Also be aware that code executed before Airflow's entrypoint should not create any files or

> directories inside the image and not everything might work the same way as after it is executed.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
directories inside the container and everything might not work the same way when it is executed.
```

Before Airflow entrypoint is executed, the following functionalities are not available:

* umask is not set properly to allow ``group`` write access

> * user is not yet created in /etc/passwd in case arbitrary user is used to run the image

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* user is not yet created in ``/etc/passwd`` if an arbitrary user is used to run the image
```

* the database and brokers might not be available yet

Adding custom image behaviour
-----------------------------

The Airflow image executes a lot of steps in the entrypoint, and sets the right environment, but
you might want to run additional code after the entrypoint creating the user, set the umask, setting the

> variables and checking that database is runnint.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
you might want to run additional code after the entrypoint creates the user, sets the umask, sets
variables and checks that database is running.
```
